[Indistinct conversation]
♪♪
[Electricity powers on]
[Walkers growling,
pounding on door]
I'm not one
to give second chances.
Seems Virginia is.
Who am I
to argue with her?
[Growling, pounding continue]
♪♪
You're all here because
you deserve to be in a grave.
So think of this as your final
chance to dig your way out.
♪♪
You're just gonna have to
shovel past
a whole lot of corpses to do it.
[Clanging]
[Growling, pounding intensify]
♪♪
I can't do this.
[Gun cocks]
♪♪
No. No. Please.
I can't.
It's not an option,
son.
Why is she
making us do this?
What's in there?
Well, there's only one way
to find out.
[Growling continues]
♪♪
Aim between the eyes.
Whatever you do,
don't get too close to them.
♪♪
Forward.
Spears.
♪♪
[Growling, pounding continue]
Door.
♪♪
[Growling intensifies]
What the hell?
Raise it.
It's stuck!
[Growling continues]
Hold it back.
Drop the door.
[Grunting]
[Screaming]
Have to push it back.
[Growling continues]
[Screaming]
Don't just stand there.
Drop it.
The door --
drop the door.
I can't.
[Growling continues]
♪♪
Help.
Please.
[Screaming]
[Gunshot]
♪♪
Jeb: Help. She's stuck.
Get her off.
[Grunting]
[Gunshot]
[Growling continues]
♪♪
[Screams]
Kill me.
[Screaming]
[Jeb screaming,
walkers growling]
♪♪
[Groans]
Ugh.
Ugh, that's the last
of it. Ugh.
[Sighs]
[Match strikes]
Come on. We better get back
to the Lanes before sundown.
You wanna
jump the fence?
Ha.
See how
the other half lives?
Ha.
And give up all this?
[Air brakes hiss, squeak]
Is there a problem?
Wind's blowing
towards the canteen.
I wanna enjoy
my lunch today.
Move it now.
[Both chuckle]
You serious?
Marcus, come on.
Oh, my --
What?
Come on.
You're disobeying
the direct order from a ranger?
It's your shit.Excuse me?
I said
it's your shit.
If you
don't like it,
come out of that tank
and move it yourself.
Think I'm afraid
of you?
You wouldn't even have that
if it wasn't for me.
Aw, come on.
Stop messing with them.
If you're so important,
how come you're the one
carrying a bucket of shit?
I'm not.
[Kicks bucket]Marcus.
Okay, hey.[Gun cocks]
♪♪
Dakota: Stop.
Leave them alone.
♪♪
[Gun clicks]
Dakota,
get away from the fence.
♪♪
What the hell
is going on here?
Alright, we'll just let Virginia
settle this, then.
[Indistinct conversations]
♪♪
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
He deserved it.
Let's hope
it's part of some master plan
to get us
into Lawton.
I always thought
we'd enter Lawton
under more
auspicious circumstances.
♪♪
Hey, thanks.
Don't mention it.
Marcus is just
an asshole.
Makes it a little bit funnier,
I guess.
I'm Alicia.Dakota.
Strand.
Dakota:
I-I know who you are.
♪♪
Well,
I should get going.
Alicia: Thanks again
for the help.
♪♪
Send a contingent of rangers
to the western territories.
He's gotta be
out there somewhere.
Hill: Copy.
You ready for them?
Send them in.
Daniel,
I didn't know you were here.
Have a seat.
[Door closes]
Hope you don't mind.
Wasn't expecting
this visit.
Looks like you two
could use some time in the chair
yourselves.
Daniel,
are you okay?
Have I cut your hair before,
miss?
What'd you do
to him?We didn't do anything.
Daniel.
I don't want
any trouble.
Memory's like
a card catalog
but the cards
are all mixed up.
He was just hell bent on getting
that darn cat of his.
Things got ugly
'cause he wouldn't stand down
when it didn't
go his way.
Everybody's gotta contribute,
so just be grateful.
He still knows how to give
a decent haircut,
or he'd be cadaver-chum
right now.
So is this the fate
that awaits us?
Well,
I must admit
I did have higher hopes
for you
than cleaning out
the latrines.
You assigned us
to that job.
Everyone's gotta start
somewhere.
[Scoffs]But then, Victor,
you assaulted a ranger
in broad daylight.
[Sighs]That cannot
go unpunished.
So where
are you sending us?
Somewhere that better suits
your natural talents.
Hill will drive you there
this afternoon.
Now,
if you'll excuse me...
...I've got some
pressing matters to attend to.
Oh, and, Victor,
you already squandered
one opportunity.
Don't waste this one.
I'll be right back.
What was that about?
I don't know.
[Speaking Spanish]
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Hey, hey.
I don't know
who you are.
[Clock ticking]
I don't know
who you think I am.
who you've lost,
but it's weighing down
on you.
[Ticking continues]
It's Saint Christopher's
medallion.
I found it
on one of the dead.
My wife used to wear
one of these.
It helps people
to bear heavy burdens.
You take it.
You need it
more than I do.
Do you really think
he doesn't remember us?
[Sighs]
I've never seen that man
flinch before,
and I shot him
in the face.
[Scoffs]
I gave her this.
She would've gotten her hands
on the starter eventually.
[Air brakes hiss]
Hill: Get up.
We're here.
[Walkers growling in distance]
Do you hear that?
Yeah.
I hope that's not
what I think it is.
[Walkers growling,
pounding on door]
What's in there
besides the dead?
You'll find out
when you clear it.
A little knowledge
might help motivate us.
Virginia's building
the future.
What's in there
is the key
to getting that done.
You survive,
you get to be part of it.
Man:
Hey! Stop!
[Gunshot]
[Grunts]
Woman:
Help him!
Hill: Rangers here don't take
too kindly to runners.
♪♪
Here.
Seems like we're gonna
need more than this if we're
even gonna make a dent.
I'll send a truck
with supplies.The SWAT van --
open the gates,
we could be done with this
in minutes.
And destroy
what Virginia wants?
Hope you're still breathing
when I get back.
♪♪
[Door opens, closes]
They don't trust us.
Yeah,
with good reason.
[Vehicle departs]
[Growling, pounding continue]
[Sighs]
♪♪
Alicia?
Victor.
Charlie.
What are you
doing here?
I tried to run away --
twice.
♪♪
Janis: Hey.
Strand: Janis.
So we're not the only ones
in the doghouse.
What did you do
to earn this honor?
What did I do,
or what did
they catch me doing?
♪♪
Who's in charge
of this place?
The rangers,
but they keep clear
after what happened
to the night team.
What happened
to the night team?
[Growling, pounding continue]They did.
How many rangers
are there?
10. Nine now.
Strand: What about
these other prisoners?
How many of them
can we trust?
Some.
Not all. Why?
We're not gonna clear
this place.
We're gonna take out
all the rangers
and get the hell
out of here.
You and I are never gonna clean
another latrine again.
♪♪
[Walkers growling,
pounding on door]
Sanjay:
There were too many.
The tanks
are leaking inside.
They're full
of molasses.
They're covered
in it.
Those things grab you,
a-and they stick
like nothing else.
The door jammed,
and then...
And then...
You seem to have
made it out okay.
How?
I stayed back.
Could've helped.
Could've tried harder.
But I didn't.
I was just the asshole
that watched.
[Growling, pounding continue]
I heard about
what you did,
how you stood up
to that ranger Marcus.
I wish I had the guts
to do something like that.
10, 24.
Let's go.
We got
a delivery.
♪♪
[Growling, pounding continue]
These are
the supplies?
I suppose
it was wishful thinking
they'd provide us
with better weaponry.
Here.
[Sighs]This isn't gonna work.
We need better people,
more people.
We outnumber the rangers
three-to-one.
They have guns.
We have spears.
All these people
are here
because they couldn't cut it
where Virginia had them.
Things could go bad
real fast.
It's the only move.
What is this
really about?
We've been listening
to other people
for long enough.
It's time we started
making the calls
for ourselves.
[Clattering]
Charlie:
Hey! Who the hell are you?
It's okay.
I swear.
♪♪
Alicia: Dakota.
Charlie, it's okay.
It's fine.
Wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
What are you
doing here?
Look, I'm sorry.
I just
had to get away.
Unh-unh.
You can't be here.
I won't
go back to Lawton.Get a ranger.
Wait.
I heard
what you were talking about.
I can help.
I know
what she'll do
if you try
and take out the rangers.How?
'Cause...
Virginia's my sister.
♪♪
Come with us.
[Indistinct conversations]
Sit. Sit.
Start talking.
You're not the first people
to try this.
If you kill the rangers,
she'll hunt you down.
She'll kill you.
And if
she can't find you,
she'll hurt
the people you love,
kill them.Daniel.
So she's gonna come here
looking for you, isn't she?
I mean, she's gonna figure out
that I'm gone
by the time
it gets dark.
I-I really --
I wanted to get away from her,
find people
that would help me do that.
Why did you think
we'd help?
I-I told you
I know who you are.
I saw the tapes
that you left everywhere.
My sister,
she was obsessed with them.
So our reputation
precedes us.
Things are
a little different now.
Strand: You said
we wouldn't escape.
How are we supposed to
help you do that?
Because I know
what's inside that warehouse.
We just need
to get it.
What?
A weapon.
What kind of weapon?
I don't know.
But something
important enough
that my sister
keeps throwing bodies at it.
That's an understatement.
She already has
the SWAT van.
She wants
whatever is in there.
Look,
there's someone out there
that she's trying
to kill.
She wants to use it
against them.
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
Who put it there?
How does she know
what's in there?
And why are there so many dead
between it and us?
I don't know.
But if
you can get it
and overpower
the rangers,
then we can use it
against her.
♪♪
Why should we
believe you?
I live with her.
I hear everything that goes on
in that house.
Like the deal
you made with her.
What deal?
♪♪
Strand.
Shit.
♪♪
Alicia.
Ali--
It's not what you think.
Alicia.
Ginny splits people up.
I gave her the MRAP
to keep us together.
Why would you
do that?
[Sighs]
I can
take care of myself.
I-I know, I know.
I --
So then why?
What is this about?
I didn't do it
for you.
I did it for me.
Right.
No, no, no,
no, no, no.
What we need to do
to survive this...
Hey,
I can't do on my own.
Not without you.
Not the way
it should be done.
[Sighs]
What does that mean?
Daniel told me
to remember who I was.
Being with you,
it helps me do just that.
And it's not about
right or wrong.
It's about...
...being someone
you can look in the eye
when this is all over.
Then...
I don't think
we should risk it.
Charlie,
Dakota, Daniel --
we need
to keep all our people safe,
and there's another way.
We clear the walkers,
we get the weapon,
and we use it
on Virginia and the rangers.
That way
might get us killed.
So could yours.
♪♪
You said we need to make
these decisions for ourselves.
Yeah,
I know, yeah.
I think
we should make this one.
♪♪
You really think
this is the way to do it?
Yeah, I do.
♪♪
Okay.
Let's do this,
then.
It's gonna be
getting dark soon,
and Virginia's gonna realize
that Dakota's been missing.
Okay.
Get to work.
♪♪
[Walkers growling,
pounding on door]
Hey,
are they secure?We double-checked.
This is what they do with cattle
on my uncle's ranch.
Didn't peg you
as a farm guy.
Spend enough time
between Mexico and Texas,
you pick up
a few things.
Hey, are you sure
you're up to this?
I want to get out of here
as much as you do.
Alright, yeah.
Alright,
let's go, let's go.
[Growling, pounding continue]
[Indistinct conversation]
This is our last chance
to do things another way.
This is gonna work.
It's gonna work.
[Growling, pounding continue]
Ready?
Sanjay: Ready.
♪♪
Now!
[Growling intensifies]
Alicia: Come on!
Right here!
Come on!
Let's go!
Hey!
[Growling continues]
Strand,
we've got a problem.
Sanjay,
close the door!
Sanjay!
Fence is
about to break.
Secure it.
Charlie, close the gate.
[Growling continues]
Alicia, help!
Charlie.
[Growling continues]
[Screams]Come on, Charlie.
Dakota: I got it.
[Growling continues]
Are you okay?
Were you bit?I'm -- I'm okay.
[Growling continues]
Thank you.
Saw them pull you in
from outside.
Man:
Hey, hey, hey.
Strand: Hey, it's alright.
It's alright.
Charlie,
go to the tent.
Adrienne:
Get away from her.
♪♪
What the hell
are you doing here?
Hill,
we found her.
Hill:
Copy that.
We're on our way.Put your weapons down.
Put your weapons down!
Now.
Come on.No, I'm not coming anywhere.
I'm not leaving.
No, don't touch me.
You're not allowed.
Oh, yeah?
Let's see what Virginia
has to say about that.
We can't hold it!
It's gonna break!
[Growling continues]Let's finish this.
We need to clear this place
before she gets here.
Everyone,
pick up your weapons.
Let go of the gate.
[Growling continues]
Run this way!
Adrienne: We have a breach
at the dock.
I repeat --
breach at the dock.
Start evacuation
immediately.
This beats cleaning up shit.
Doesn't it?
Ask me again
once this is all over.
[Growling continues]
[Walkers growling]
[Gunshots]
♪♪
Janis:
This is crazy.
There are too many.We can do this.
We fight them.
We kill them.
We get what's inside.
Everybody,
spread out.
[Growling continues]
Don't! Don't!
[Gunshots]
Janis:
Behind the pallets.
Let's go.
Take her. Take her.
[Screams]
Hey.
Alicia: Strand!
There are too many.
We need guns.
[Growling continues]
I think I know
how to get them!
[Grunts]
Come on.
To the trailer. Go, go.
[Growling continues]
Sanjay: Sorry.
So sorry.
Sanjay,
what are you doing?
I can't
go out there.
Don't make me
Sit.
[Horn honking]
Are they moving?
Look.
[Horn honking]
No.
[Horn honking]Now?
That doesn't work.
They'll choose fresh meat
every time.
Trust me.
I've seen it.
Strand: Give me that.
Come on.
Give it.
Sanjay,
follow me.
Don't you move.
[Growling continues]
Do you know how much trouble
we'll get into
if we're found
with Ginny's sister?
We're in trouble anyway.
We should've taken them out.
What are you
talking about?
The rangers.
We could've killed them
and been miles away by now.
Why didn't you?
Good question.
[Grunting]
Hey, hey, you said
you wished you had the guts
to stand up to them.
Today's your day
to be a hero.
Aah!
[Groaning]
[Yelling]
[Screaming]
[Guns cock]
[Screaming continues]
[Gunfire]
♪♪
We did it.
Sanjay.
I tried
to stop him,
but this
is what he wanted.
He did it for us.
Virginia:
I'm 10 minutes out.
Don't let her
out of your sight.
Do you copy?
We don't have
much time.
We have enough.
Let's get
what we came for.
♪♪
Guys,
there's nothing here.
Janis:
There's no weapon.
No.
No, there has to be.
Does there?
Or was this just
a little wild goose chase
to keep us exposed?
No,
I'm telling the truth.
Sanjay died for this.
I'm not lying.
♪♪
It's okay.
We believe you.
[Vehicle approaches,
air brakes hiss]
Here she comes.
[Doors closing,
indistinct shouting]
♪♪
We can't
hold her off.
No, we can't.
♪♪
It's over.
Come on.
Let's go.
♪♪
Virginia:
Where's my sister?
♪♪
Come here.
What happened
to you?
Virginia,
these people,
they were acting
at my behest.
If you're gonna punish anyone,
it should be me.
And why
would I do that, Victor?
You did
what no one else could.
You cleared this place.For what?
The key
to our survival.There's nothing here.
The thing I'm looking for
ain't in here.
It's you,
a true leader.
And from
what you did here today,
each and every
one of you,
you are the key.
This is
how we survive.
Congratulations,
Victor.
You just
formed us an army.
[Scoffs]The start of one
at least.
You are never
to leave my sight again.
Do you understand that?
Go.
[Sighs]
Hey, you just said
we formed an army.
You didn't
tell me what for.
I will. In time.
Virginia, these people are not
your biggest fans.
How do you expect them
to follow you?
That's your job,
Victor.
You have a fine young group
of soldiers on your hands.
What's that?
This allows you
to use them
however you see fit.
Just know,
when the time comes
for me to call y'all up
for the big show,
y'all best be ready.
♪♪
[Sighs]
The molasses
is all gone.
You really
don't remember?
The warehouse?
Skidmark?
None of it?
Are you a friend
of Ofelia?
No.
Truck's loading up
at the gates.
I grabbed your things.
Wait.
[Strumming "End of the Line"]
[Whistling]
The Traveling Wilburys?
Yeah.
You -- You taught this to me.
I-I learned it from you.
It's a beautiful song.
♪♪
[Sniffles]
[Sighs]
♪♪
Aren't you coming?
Strand's got me
staying here.
Put me
on laundry duty.
What? Why?
Said he had
his reasons.
Good luck,
Alicia.
Yeah, you, too.
♪♪
Hey, um,
just give me a minute.
♪♪
You get a key
to the city?
Yeah.
Virginia says it affords me
certain privileges.
Do those privileges include
choosing where we go next?
[Sighs]
I've, uh --
I've reassigned you, Alicia.
To what? Where?
Somewhere far away
from me.
Okay, you're not
making any sense.
We almost died today.
Sanjay did die.
So we could do
what we did.
He -- He did it
for us.
It didn't
have to happen.
It could've gone down
differently. It should've.
But I-I --
I hesitated.
Because you didn't
kill the rangers
and put a target
on all our backs.
Because I didn't trust
my instincts.
I knew
what needed to be done,
but I --
but I couldn't.
Because you knew
it was reckless.
It's -- It's --
It's like I told you.
♪♪
You make me remember
the person that I am,
and to do all the things
that I need to do now,
for you, for me,
for all of us,
I have to forget
that person,
and I can't do it
with you by my side.
♪♪
I have seen you do
plenty of things
you'd rather forget.
You haven't seen
all of it.
Because I haven't
wanted you to.
I still don't.
♪♪
I don't want to drag you down
with me, Alicia.
♪♪
I need to forget
who I am.
But you don't.
[Truck door opens]
Uh, please.[Truck door closes]
Whatever happens...
don't you ever forget.
♪♪
Man:
Let's go.
♪♪
[Engine starts]
[Sighs]
[Sniffles]
Come on, old man.
Hurry up.
We gotta get going.
It's gonna take a while
to get to Paradise Ridge.
Welcome to the club.
[Speaking Spanish]
[Whistles
"End of the Line"]
[ "End of the Line"
whistled in distance]
Whoa!
What are you doing?
I left
my good scissors inside.
Too bad.
You'll have to make do.
It'll take me twice as long
to work with these.
Stay here.
Think you can
remember that?
Man:
What's the problem?
He forgot his special scissors
or some shit.
[Whistles "End of the Line"]
[ "End of the Line"
whistled in distance]
Did you hear that?
[Walker growling]
♪♪
Much obliged,
friend.
If in fact
you are a friend.
You know
who I am, Daniel.
And I could use
your help.
You look like you could use
a haircut.
[Chuckles]
♪♪
Good to see you,
Morgan.
I thought it was you
she was looking for.
♪♪